Source: https://www.softdel.com/bacnet-device-simulator/

BACnet Simulator | BOSS Simulator | Softdel
Softdel’s BOSS Simulator (BACnet Over IP simulation System) is a sophisticated BACnet monitoring, debugging, and simulation program that runs on any Windows® computer. Additionally,it has a simple interface that is easy to use for BACnet professionals as well as novices.
The BOSS Simulator extends the functionality by adding complex simulation and troubleshooting features, including support for A-side and B-side services, device discovery across routers, and auto command generation across the entire network.
Furthermore, technicians can configure the BACnet network, issue service commands, and manage physical and virtual BACnet devices. Traffic can be automatically generated to test network behaviour. Moreover, real-time monitoring and logging of the network are supported. The tool can even back up the object properties of the simulated created devices and restore the properties and configuration later.
When used as a standalone program, the BOSS Simulator can create and simulate an entire BACnet network of virtual devices, complete with simulated traffic. The simulated network can be loaded with the backup of a physical network, allowing  technicians to troubleshoot the network without having to be on-site.
Support for both A-side and B-side services
User configurable simulation of PVs(Present Values)
Supports IBM MS DBCS, ANSI X3.4 character sets
Real time logging, monitoring & analysis of BACnet commands and response
Manage and monitor alarms, calendars and schedules
Set property value of discovered  objects
Support for both A-side and  B-side services
User configurable simulation of  PVs (Present Values)
Supports IBM MS DBCS , ANSI  VX3.4 character sets
Real time logging, monitoring &  analysis of BACnet commands and  response
Manage and monitor alarms, calendars and schedules
Set property value of discovered  objects
Support for both A-side and  B-side services
User configurable simulation of  PVs (Present Values)
Supports IBM MS DBCS , ANSI  VX3.4 character sets
Real time logging, monitoring &  analysis of BACnet commands and  response
Manage and monitor alarms, calendars and schedules
Simulate around 250 BACnet/IP virtual devices with different objects under virtual router, along with property and service configurations, all on a single network.
Enable configuration of changing PVs for simulated objects.
Create a network of virtual BACnet devices for troubleshooting during development, integration, commissioning, and inter-operability testing with different device configurations.
User-configurable simulation of PVs (Present Values).
Auto-discover and browse BACnet devices on any accessible network. BACnet Broadcast Management Device (BBMD) support enables device discovery across subnets.
Set and monitor property values of discovered device objects.
Real time logging, monitoring, and analysis of BACnet commands and responses.
Simulate a deployed BACnet environment by configuring a custom set of BACnet service commands to generate periodic network traffic.
Capture and analyse the transaction log of issued service requests and responses.
Easily monitor any object property value, for a virtual or discovered physical device, to detect value changes and error responses.
Manage and monitor alarms, calendars and schedules.
Testing the functionality of OEMs’ BACnet networks, the BOSS simulator allows for more effective and efficient configuration of BACnet for smart buildings.
By simulating end customer BACnet device networks, OEMs can troubleshoot interoperability issues before live deployment and help make informed decisions.
Remotely simulating BACnet/IP device networks helps OEMs identify issues at the development and pre-testing stage, which reduces the effort and cost of testing.
BOSS simulates multiple virtual devices on a single desktop, providing OEMs with a comprehensive look at the functionality and interoperability of each device.
Find out how BACnet bridges the worlds of IT and Building Automation Systems