Source: https://www.edificedx.ai/edificeplus/

EdificePlus | Enterprise Platform for Smart Energy Management
AI-Ready Platform to Achieve Energy Optimisation,
An advanced platform designed for enterprises seeking comprehensive building and energy management solutions. With its intuitive dashboard and powerful data analytics, EdificePlus provides a holistic view of equipment and building data, offering real-time insights into operations, including energy benchmarking, building emissions management, and indoor air quality management.
Lead in Energy Management and Sustainability with EdificePlus
Gain granular control over your buildings’ energy consumption with utility meters, live dashboards, and in-depth reporting to optimise your energy use. Analyse consumption patterns down to the hour and track your progress towards net zero with location-specific emission factors.
Monitor and track key metrics like total energy consumption (Scope 1 & 2), CO2 emissions, and energy use intensity (EUI), and net zero readiness with EdificePlus to drive continuous improvement in your sustainability efforts.
Monitor CO2 and volatile organic compound (VOC) levels in real time with EdificePlus. Create healthier, more productive indoor environments and achieve sustainable building certifications like LEED, WELL, and RESET.
Analyse equipment data, identify potential issues, and enable timely interventions with our customised library of fault rules in EdificePlus, potentially saving up to 8% through proactive maintenance.
EdificePlus provides in-depth analytical data of space and equipment, highlighting parent-child relationships, detailed insights into equipment faults and alarms, and identifying faults.
Accelerate your Energy Efficiency and Sustainability Objectives with EdificePlus
EdificePlus offers building and facility managers, building owners, OEMs, SIs, and ISVs a comprehensive solution for building and energy management, all from a single platform. By integrating diverse systems and providing real-time data analytics, EdificePlus empowers stakeholders to make informed decisions, streamline operations, and accelerate their journey toward achieving ambitious sustainability goals.
A scalable and reliable server platform offering advanced data processing focusing on decarbonization and comprehensive space management
Ready to take control of your building’s energy,
health, and operational efficiency with our
Please share details to download datasheet