Source: https://www.softdel.com/digital-factory-solutions/

Digital Factories Solutions | Factory Automation Solutions, Services & Products | Softdel
Organisations in the industrial automation domain require special technical expertise to leverage digital transformation amid the ongoing Fourth Industrial Revolution. The main industry challenge has always been the ability to quickly adopt new technologies while still maintaining cost efficiencies.
Softdel’s industrial IoT capabilities deliver AI-ready solutions that seamlessly drive digital transformation with proven, ready-to-deploy technologies.
Are your automation solutions designed to be the industry’s next-gen systems?
Softdel’s industrial IoT capabilities deliver AI-ready solutions that seamlessly drive digital transformation with proven, ready-to-deploy technologies.
Are your automation solutions designed to be the industry’s next-gen systems?
Successful adoption of new technologies is subject to OEMs’ understanding of Industrial-IoT challenges, including the slow pace of technology adoption, commercial challenges, and durability of products. This understanding is crucial to ensure that devices and equipment are scalable and aligned with the latest innovations in the industrial domain.
Softdel’s core expertise in handling varied device protocols, myriad data points, and seamless product and technology integrations helps organisations scale efficiently, stay at the forefront of today’s AI-enabled world, and keep innovating with current trends.
Softdel has proven expertise in these devices and systems:
The competitive industrial marketplace is constantly creating innovative solutions for diverse OEM needs. There is a dire requirement to unify fragmented IoT applications on one common platform. Additionally, such platforms must provide collaboration between people, data, and processes, to deliver breakthrough digital transformations and business agility.
Softdel’s solutions are designed to drive digital transformation in Industrial IoT by intelligently connecting people, data, and technology to enable AI-driven decision-making.
Connected Smart Solution for field operations
The evolved interaction between humans and machines has created streamlined industrial processes that lower manual intervention, increase people’s productivity, and result in a safer work environment. Softdel’s smart factory solutions are designed to create sustainable, scalable, productive enterprises to efficiently address people’s needs.
Softdel’s smart factory solutions are designed to create sustainable, scalable, productive enterprises to efficiently address people’s needs.
Today, Programmable Logic Controllers (PLC) semi-autonomously control equipment for optimum usage.
We took this a step further, partnering with automation OEMs to help PLCs directly connect with cloud applications through MQTT, which provides near real-time equipment data. This enabled applications to make data-driven decisions and provide insights to operators based on valuable device parameters. Operators now have actionable insights either in a centralised application or via notifications from various digital communication mediums.
We took this a step further, partnering with automation OEMs to help PLCs directly connect with cloud applications through MQTT, which provides near real-time equipment data. This enabled applications to make data-driven decisions and provide insights to operators based on valuable device parameters. Operators now have actionable insights either in a centralised application or via notifications from various digital communication mediums.
Equipment downtime is a significant contributor to inefficiency in a production environment and is responsible for higher manufacturing costs.
In partnering with leading automation OEMs, we utilised multiple oil debris and metal particle detection sensors to develop a critical cloud-based equipment condition assessment system. The application collected device data from wind turbines and gas turbines on an AWS cloud platform. It subsequently performed analytics and provided device assessment for operators, revealing anomalies, if present. Service station engineers could now focus on more pressing tasks and leave the routine monitoring checks to the IoT solution.
In partnering with leading automation OEMs, we utilised multiple oil debris and metal particle detection sensors to develop a critical cloud-based equipment condition assessment system. The application collected device data from wind turbines and gas turbines on an AWS cloud platform. It subsequently performed analytics and provided device assessment for operators, revealing anomalies, if present. Service station engineers could now focus on more pressing tasks and leave the routine monitoring checks to the IoT solution.
Some of the biggest names across the industrial automation domain trust Softdel. Will you be next?
Solutions delivered successfully across the Industrial Automation domain
Strong experience developing end-to-end solutions for comprehensive categories of devices like valves, controllers, sensors, drives, and gas analysers
Extensive wired and wireless industrial communication protocol experience, from enabling protocol stacks to developing gateways for cloud connectivity
Significant consulting experience across the industrial domain providing data-driven solutions to enhance product value