Source: https://www.softdel.com/managed-services/

In today’s rapidly evolving business world, organisations having expertise with the latest tools and technologies can stay ahead of the competition. Subsequently, to better organise and operate their business and meet performance expectations, oragnisations are increasingly adopting managed IT services. Sharing operational responsibilities with third-party vendors allows in-house teams to focus on core competencies and strategic IT programs.
The benefits of partnering with a managed services provider are many — companies achieve better cost control, improved risk management, security compliance, flexible service-level agreements (SLAs), and future-proof business operations.
Users can get access to critical information and establish real-time communication with on-premise and remote locations through mobile apps, thus amplifying their operational efficiency, generating higher revenue, and supporting business growth. Enterprises are using the power of smartphones to capture efficiencies by bringing the devices online and establishing connectivity using the
plethora of mediums possible with today’s technology.
As your managed services partner, Softdel ensures your IT infrastructure is ready to adapt, scale, and evolve as per your business needs. Our managed IT services effectively handle daily operations of specialised applications and provide more capability to end-users. With our technical expertise, we help our customers build, monitor, and manage the IT environment with utmost professional excellence, focusing on key areas of –
With our Managed Services expertise, we can help you
Create, implement, and deliver best practices for migrating, developing, and publishing solutions.
Automate and manage the modern application infrastructure
Secure and deploy workloads reliably to production
Manage the configuration of deployed workloads with various tools
Our services vary from short-term post-go-live assistance to long-term application, sustained engineering and maintenance operations. We provide OEMs and enterprises with comprehensive real-time reports and actionable insights.
Our team of experts performs scoped activities within SLAs, increasing user satisfaction and maintaining service quality while reducing operating costs.
We combine modernisation, cloud integration, IoT, and cybersecurity to provide value and enhance ROI for businesses.
With focused efforts for the resolution of critical incidents over SLAs and hassle-free migration of applications, we ensure complete ease of use for all managed services.
Our services vary from short-term post-go-live assistance to long-term application, sustained engineering and maintenance operations. We provide OEMs and enterprises with comprehensive real-time reports and actionable insights.
Our team of experts performs scoped activities within SLAs, increasing user satisfaction and maintaining service quality while reducing operating costs.
We combine modernisation, cloud integration, IoT, and cybersecurity to provide value and enhance ROI for businesses.
With focused efforts for the resolution of critical incidents over SLAs and hassle-free migration of applications, we ensure complete ease of use for all managed services.
Managed testing services for seamless device interoperability with building management systems.
Improving field service productivity with IoT