Source: https://www.softdel.com/about-softdel/

device connectivity, enterprise connectedness,
At Softdel, we empower global enterprises and OEMs to navigate their AI journey with confidence by leveraging our extensive expertise in IoT, Cloud, Data Analytics, and Product Engineering Services. We specialize in unlocking real-time data from machines and equipment, transforming trapped data into actionable insights that drive efficiency and sustainability. As a trusted Engineering and R&D partner, we bridge the gap between device connectivity, enterprise integration, and user interaction, enabling our customers to accelerate their AI readiness.
With two decades of experience and deep domain knowledge, we take pride in co-creating robust transformation solutions that empower our customers to drive innovative use cases, achieve tangible benefits, secure a strong return on their investments, and meet their sustainability goals.
Softdel connects devices, enterprises, and people. Our distinctiveness lies in simplifying enterprise connectedness in Smart Buildings and Smart Factories creating unprecedented benefits for our customers and their eco-systems.
Our two-decade-long product engineering experience of serving global leaders in the automation & controls industry has catapulted Softdel to an enviable position in the Industrial and Buildings IoT value chain.
Transforming industries with AI-readiness and sustainable IoT innovation
Driven by a commitment to sustainability, Softdel enables AI-powered digital transformation through a versatile suite of products, including communication stacks, simulation tools, IoT gateways, and enterprise platforms. Our products simplify complex IoT and cloud infrastructure challenges, delivering energy-efficient, cost-effective solutions that support rapid time-to-market and long-term sustainability.
Our Commitment to Security and Excellence
At Softdel, our ISO/IEC 27001:2022 certification reflects our steadfast dedication to maintaining rigorous information security standards. This certification underscores our commitment to safeguarding data integrity and confidentiality across all products and services, ensuring a secure environment that our customers can trust.
We strive to constantly push the limits of our imagination to create business solutions leveraging on our deep technology and domain understanding.
We adhere to our word and ensure that our actions follow through. We deliver to our promise and endeavour to exceed the expectations of all our stakeholders.
Becoming good or great at something is the starting point. We are in constant pursuit of reaching new levels of achievement by raising the bar at each level of success.
We pride ourselves in making decisions swiftly to take advantages of market opportunities or attack barriers to progress. We embrace change like a habit.
Education – the key to individual and social change
As innovators and disruptors, we feel an immense responsibility to ensure that our technology solutions change the world for the better. For this reason, our CSR initiatives focus on one key area – education. We see this as the key driver enabling meaningful change across India’s diaspora. We believe that education is the single most powerful tool that can uplift an individual, his/her family, and society as a whole.
Our initiatives support subsidised education for needy students from kindergarten to college across the country.
to college, we offer subsidised academic and career counselling powered by digital technology.
Softdel joins Mitsubishi Electric Iconics Digital Solutions partner ecosystem as a Registered System Integrator, strengthening interoperable, data-driven automation and visualization capabilities.
Softdel joins Inductive Automation’s ecosystem as a Credentialed Ignition Integrator, advancing interoperability and efficiency across industrial automation.
to enable interconnectivity and interoperability in smart devices and equipment, for better occupant comfort, energy efficiency, and improved smart space management.
Softdel's EdificeEdge IoT gateway joins the Siemens Connect Ecosystem, to enhance innovation and digital transformation across the global building automation industry.
Softdel wins big at the 8th annual IoT Breakthrough Awards program, ranking among the topmost companies, technologies and products in the global Internet-of-Things (IoT) market today.
Softdel's pioneering solutions across smart buildings, factories, and energy are recognised by a leading enterprise technology magazine.